# thirdwatch_api

ThirdwatchApi - JavaScript client for thirdwatch_api
The first version of the Thirdwatch API is an exciting step forward towards making it easier for developers to pass data to Thirdwatch.   # Introduction Once you've [registered your website/app](https://thirdwatch.ai) it's easy to start sending data to Thirdwatch.  All endpoints are only accessible via https and are located at `api.thirdwatch.ai`. For instance: you can send event at the moment by ```HTTP POST``` Request to the following URL with your API key in ```Header``` and ```JSON``` data in request body. ```   https://api.thirdwatch.ai/event/v1 ``` Every API request must contain ```API Key``` in header value ```X-THIRDWATCH-API-KEY```  Every event must contain your ```_userId``` (if this is not available, you can alternatively provide a ```_sessionId``` value also in ```_userId```).  # Score API The Score API is use to get an up to date cutomer trust score after you have sent transaction event and order successful. This API will provide the riskiness score of the order with reasons. Some examples of when you may want to check the score are before:    - Before Shippement of a package   - Finalizing a money transfer   - Giving access to a prearranged vacation rental   - Sending voucher on mail    ```   https://api.thirdwatch.ai/v1/get/score?api_key=<your api key>&order_id=<Order id> ```  According to Score you can decide to take action Approve or Reject. Orders with score more than 70 will consider as Riskey orders. We'll provide some reasons also in rules section.  ## Response score API  ``` {   \"order_id\": \"OCT45671\",   \"user_id\": \"ajay_245\",   \"score\": 82,   \"flag\": \"red\",     -\"reasons\": [     {         \"name\": \"_numOfFailedTransactions\",         \"display_name\": \"Number of failed transactions\",         \"flag\": \"green\",         \"value\": \"0\",         \"is_display\": true       },       {         \"name\": \"_accountAge\",         \"display_name\": \"Account age\",         \"flag\": \"red\",         \"value\": \"0\",         \"is_display\": true       },        {         \"name\": \"_numOfOrderSameIp\",         \"display_name\": \"Number of orders from same IP\",         \"flag\": \"red\",         \"value\": \"11\",         \"is_display\": true       }     ] } ```       
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 0.0.1
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install thirdwatch_api --save
```

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var ThirdwatchApi = require('thirdwatch_api');

var defaultClient = ThirdwatchApi.ApiClient.instance;

// Configure API key authorization: api_key
var api_key = defaultClient.authentications['api_key'];
api_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//api_key.apiKeyPrefix['X-THIRDWATCH-API-KEY'] = "Token"

var api = new ThirdwatchApi.AddPromotionApi()

var JSON = new ThirdwatchApi.AddPromotion(); // {AddPromotion} Pass added promotion info to thirdwatch. Only `_userID` is required field. But this should contain promotion info.

api.addPromotion(JSON).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.thirdwatch.ai/event*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ThirdwatchApi.AddPromotionApi* | [**addPromotion**](docs/AddPromotionApi.md#addPromotion) | **POST** /v1/add_promotion | Use add_promotion to record when a user adds one or more promotions to their account.
*ThirdwatchApi.AddToCartApi* | [**addToCart**](docs/AddToCartApi.md#addToCart) | **POST** /v1/add_to_cart | Use add_to_cart when a user adds an item to their shopping cart or list.
*ThirdwatchApi.ChargebackApi* | [**chargeback**](docs/ChargebackApi.md#chargeback) | **POST** /v1/chargeback | Use chargeback to capture a chargeback reported on a transaction. This event can be called multiple times to record changes to the chargeback state.
*ThirdwatchApi.CreateAccountApi* | [**createAccount**](docs/CreateAccountApi.md#createAccount) | **POST** /v1/create_account | Use create_account to pass user details at user registration.
*ThirdwatchApi.CreateOrderApi* | [**createOrder**](docs/CreateOrderApi.md#createOrder) | **POST** /v1/createOrder | Submit a new or existing order to Thirdwatch for review. This API should contain order item info, the payment info, and user identity info.
*ThirdwatchApi.CustomEventApi* | [**customEvent**](docs/CustomEventApi.md#customEvent) | **POST** /v1/custom_event | Use order_status to track the order processing workflow of a previously submitted order.
*ThirdwatchApi.LinkSessionToUserApi* | [**linkSessionToUser**](docs/LinkSessionToUserApi.md#linkSessionToUser) | **POST** /v1/link_session_to_user | Use link_session_to_user to associate specific session to a user. Generally used only in anonymous checkout workflows.
*ThirdwatchApi.LoginApi* | [**login**](docs/LoginApi.md#login) | **POST** /v1/login | Use login to record when a user attempts to log in.
*ThirdwatchApi.LogoutApi* | [**logout**](docs/LogoutApi.md#logout) | **POST** /v1/logout | Use logout to record when a user logs out.
*ThirdwatchApi.OrderStatusApi* | [**orderStatus**](docs/OrderStatusApi.md#orderStatus) | **POST** /v1/order_status | Use order_status to track the order processing workflow of a previously submitted order.
*ThirdwatchApi.RemoveFromCartApi* | [**removeFromCart**](docs/RemoveFromCartApi.md#removeFromCart) | **POST** /v1/remove_from_cart | Use remove_from_cart when a user removes an item from their shopping cart or list.
*ThirdwatchApi.ReportItemApi* | [**reportItem**](docs/ReportItemApi.md#reportItem) | **POST** /v1/report_item | Use report_item to let us know when another user reports that this item may violate your company’s policies.
*ThirdwatchApi.SendMessageApi* | [**sendMessage**](docs/SendMessageApi.md#sendMessage) | **POST** /v1/send_message | Use send_message to record when a user sends a message to other i.e. seller, support.
*ThirdwatchApi.SubmitReviewApi* | [**submitReview**](docs/SubmitReviewApi.md#submitReview) | **POST** /v1/submit_review | Use submit_review when a user-submitted review of a product or seller.
*ThirdwatchApi.TagAPIApi* | [**tagUser**](docs/TagAPIApi.md#tagUser) | **POST** /v1/tag | The Tag API enables you to tell Thirdwatch which of your users are bad and which are good.
*ThirdwatchApi.TransactionApi* | [**transaction**](docs/TransactionApi.md#transaction) | **POST** /v1/transaction | Use transaction to record attempts results to Pay, Transfer money, Refund or other transactions.
*ThirdwatchApi.UntagAPIApi* | [**unTagUser**](docs/UntagAPIApi.md#unTagUser) | **POST** /v1/untag | If you are unsure whether a user is bad or good, you can always remove tag and leave the user in a neutral state.
*ThirdwatchApi.UpdateAccountApi* | [**updateAccount**](docs/UpdateAccountApi.md#updateAccount) | **POST** /v1/update_account | Use update_account to record changes to the user&#39;s account information.
*ThirdwatchApi.UpdateOrderApi* | [**updateOrder**](docs/UpdateOrderApi.md#updateOrder) | **POST** /v1/update_order | Update details of an existing order.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ThirdwatchApi.AddPromotion](docs/AddPromotion.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.AddToCart](docs/AddToCart.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.BillingAddress](docs/BillingAddress.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Chargeback](docs/Chargeback.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.CreateAccount](docs/CreateAccount.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.CreateOrder](docs/CreateOrder.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Custom](docs/Custom.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.CustomInfo](docs/CustomInfo.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.EventResponse](docs/EventResponse.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Item](docs/Item.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.LinkSessionToUser](docs/LinkSessionToUser.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Login](docs/Login.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Logout](docs/Logout.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.OrderStatus](docs/OrderStatus.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.PaymentMethod](docs/PaymentMethod.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Promotion](docs/Promotion.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.RemoveFromCart](docs/RemoveFromCart.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.ReportItem](docs/ReportItem.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Seller](docs/Seller.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.SendMessage](docs/SendMessage.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.ShippingAddress](docs/ShippingAddress.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.SubmitReview](docs/SubmitReview.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.Transaction](docs/Transaction.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.UnTag](docs/UnTag.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.UpdateAccount](docs/UpdateAccount.md)
 - [ThirdwatchApi.UpdateOrder](docs/UpdateOrder.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### api_key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-THIRDWATCH-API-KEY
- **Location**: HTTP header

